Chapter 2 – Trial and judgement



Despite the horror of their situation and the continuing discomfort of their harnesses, their 
plugged bottoms and tightly strapped cocks and balls, they collapsed immediately into a sleep that 
was more like a faint, mentally and physically drained but their ordeal.  But sleep did not last long. 
Still in a state of extreme arousal, and stimulated by the vibration and swaying of the van, they 
both soon started to moan, grunt and stir as confused erotic images ran through their minds. In 
their semi-conscious state, their world of darkness was filled with the overpowering feelings of 
naked skin on skin, hard bruised nipples pressed together, lips touching around their cockgag, cock 
heads rubbing as they squirmed against their bonds, grinding their bellies together. 

The plugs in their rectums moved in and out as they wriggled their hips, clenching and unclenching 
their anuses and buttocks. Their arousal was so great they lost all inhibitions. Their pain simply 
increased their excitement, and within minutes they exploded, shooting strings of cum onto their 
leather cinchers and up onto their chests, balls pulled tight up against their straps, their bodies 
heaving, fingers locked together, legs straining against their cuffs and their lips working, twisting 
and straining to kiss, their cock gags pressed into their throats.



As Nick slumped, spent and limp, against Don’s sweating body, his mind struggled desperately to 
make sense of what had happened to him. Abused and molested in ways he had never imagined 
possible, captive and at the mercy of two thugs, with who knew what torments to come, he had 
just had the most intense orgasm of his life trussed up against the body of his best friend with both 
his holes well plugged. He groaned, and Don, responding to the faint sound that emerged through 
his mask, squeezed his hands with their fingers intertwined. The moment of tenderness in this 
world of madness and pain overcame Nick and he sobbed and wept, the tears and snot soaking 
the leather mask, making it cling horribly to his skin.



At that moment, the van stopped. He heard the door open and footsteps approach. Rapidly, the 
hooks and chains tethering him to Don were removed. The mouth dildo was unlocked with a click 
and slipped out as his head was pulled back, but before he could make a sound was replaced with 
the dildo used when he was first captured. Hands grabbed the collar of his hood and he was 
dragged up and forced onto his hands and knees.  The blindfold flap was unsnapped from his 
hood, and once more he blinked as light streamed into the van through the open door.
Blondie appeared in front of him, holding a leather dog collar. This he buckled around Nick's neck, 
while Brunette did the same to Don. 

For the first time, Blondie spoke. His accent was refined, with a hint of Italian pronunciation, at 
odds with his appearance. 

“Now listen to me, both of you. You will obey our orders exactly and without hesitation. Nod if you 
understand.”
We both nodded.
Then Brunette said, “We think you know why this is happening to you, but we doubt very much 
that you understand what is to be your future. Let me enlighten you both.”
He had an accent similar to Blondie, but his voice was lighter toned.

“My name is Marco, my colleague is Luca, but you will call us both Master from now on – when you 
are allowed to speak, that is. The girl you attacked and abused,  Maria, is the daughter of a local 
businessman. Or such is his apparent position. In fact, he is capo di tutti capi in this country and as 
such has virtually unlimited power.”


Blondie added, “And our advice would be not even to think about escape. Better to accept that 
your future is planned for you and yield to it. I assure you, in good time, and sooner rather than 
later, you will not only accept but enjoy your new condition. Now you will be reintroduced to 
Maria, in very different circumstances, and meet her father.”



They each clipped a leash to our collars and chained our ankles to our wrists so we could not stand 
up. We were forced to crawl on hands and knees out of the van and onto a loading platform, then 
we were led through a door into a dimly lit warehouse-like room. Inside a small crowd was 
gathered. Maria was there of course but dressed as I had never seen her before, in a leather 
catsuit laced tightly to her body, and thigh high boots with needle sharp heels. She was holding a 
riding drop. Standing next to her was a heavily built olive-skinned man with thick black hair, who I 
took to be her father. Other men, some clad in tight leather pants and jackets, others in sheer 
tights with high-cut leather tops, were standing round, grinning. We were led into the middle of 
the room, and the men formed a circle round us, with Maria and her father behind us. I was utterly  
humiliated, horribly aware of my naked bottom, balls and penis lewdly displayed to the woman we 
had used so brutally and to her father and anyone else who cared to look.



I heard and sensed Maria approaching, her heels clicking on the bare concrete floor. From the 
sound I could tell she had stopped right behind us. I heard Don take a sharp breath in through his 
nose, and very soon I did the same as the tip of the riding crop touched my balls and was dragged 
gently the length of my penis. Maria sniggered and lightly tapped Don on the buttocks. I could see 
Don out of the corner of my eye. He gasped again and twitched. Maria tapped him again, then with 
all her strength brought the crop up, whistling through the air and striking Don's penis with a sharp 
smack. If his mouth had not been gagged, he would have screamed. As it was, he just uttered a 
stifled sob and bucked violently. Before I had time to process this, she had done the same to me. 
The pain was indescribable and my inability to scream made it all the harder to bear.



At last Maria spoke, her voice light and sweet, at stark contrast with the message she delivered.
"My father wants me to make it very clear to you both that from now on, both literally and 
metaphorically, he owns your arses. You are self-evidently guilty of rape, buggery and sexual 
assault on me, so it only remains to pass sentence. I have my own suggestions and have 
communicated them to my father, who is only too happy to impose them on you. In outline, I am 
going to turn you both into permanently sexually aroused anal bitches and give you to my father's 
Mafia colleagues to use, before selling you at auction. Of course you will be physically and mentally 
changed so you have the appearance of ravishingly beautiful women and similar, if perverted, 
desires and urges, but of course you will actually be shemales. Who, I am reliably informed, are the 
secret desire of most men, so my father can find profitable uses for you both.”

She paused to let the full meaning sink in. My heart sank. This was not just a temporary if drastic 
lesson. Don and I were likely, no, certain to remain in this condition, or worse, for the rest of our 
lives. I felt my body slump.



"You did not know that you were abusing a Mafia princess. You do now. However, you also were 
abusing a semi-professional dominatrix, even though you did not know it. In one way that makes 
you offences worse, but in another I should be grateful to you for the learning experience. I will be 
much more effective professionally having experienced what it is to be humiliated and hurt. If, 
however, you think that will make me any more merciful, think again, little bitches. I not only want, 
no, need my revenge, I need to practice on someone, and who better than my aggressors? Now 
let's get started.

"

“Turn them round,” she ordered, and our minders obediently tugged on our leashes until we had 
turned to face Maria and her father. There was a whiteboard there too. Maria took a marker pen 
and started to write.



"Outcomes:  subjects will
1 learn to orgasm only with a cock in their arse

2 learn to desire this above all else

3 learn to enjoy and be stimulated by pain and restraints

4 become pervertedly excited by fetishistic items eg leather, latex, inflatable suits and so on

."

She paused, touching her lips. 
“I think that is all for now, but we can always add to the list later. Now for the means...”

 Again she wrote on the board.

"

Means: 
1 repeated anal and oral rape to teach compliance and, in time, enjoyment
2 binding, whipping, teasing
3 surgical procedures to modify bodies (breasts, buttocks, genitals etc)
4 drugs and nano-machines for same purpose

."

"Yes, I think that looks like a programme,” she smiled. “Does anyone here have any suggestions or 
amendments?”

Her father spoke now for the first time. He had a very light, rather effeminate way of speaking 
with a strong Italian accent.



“If I may suggest one or two additions. The outcomes should include being permanently aroused 
and eager for sex and to desire to dress as females and do so. And the means should include 
electrical reconditioning, for which I have a particular like, and maybe some pony-girl training. I 
have always found a period living like a pony-girl to be beneficial to the poise and general 
submissiveness of subjects both female and male.”



“I am always eager to learn from my father, who has extensive experience in this field. Let it be so. 
So the full lists of outcomes and means are: 



"Outcomes:  subjects will
1 learn to orgasm only with a cock in their arse

2 learn to desire this above all else

3 learn to enjoy and be stimulated by pain and restraint

4 become pervertedly excited by fetishistic items eg leather, latex, inflatable suits and so on

5 be in a state of permanent sexual arousal and receptivity

6 desire to dress in female attire and do so"



"Means: 
1 repeated anal and oral rape to teach compliance and, in time, enjoyment

2 binding, whipping, teasing

3 surgical procedures to modify bodies (breasts, buttocks, genitals etc)

4 drugs and nano-machines for same purpose
5 electrical reconditioning

6 pony-girl training"


"
Oh, and in case you have not realised or been warned, please do try to submit and adjust as soon 
as possible. You will find it much more, let us say, comfortable, though it is more pleasurable for 
the trainers if you resist. But you will yield in the end, of that I can assure  you. So now, let's put the 
plan into action!"



She nodded to our minders, who led us roughly off to a side room, which contained showers, 
baths and lavatories. First, they stripped us of all the straps, plugs, gags they had put on us earlier. 
The pain and then relief as the butt plug was pulled out were intense but soreness remained and I 
felt a worrying emptiness. The troubling thought flashed across my mind that I wanted something 
back in there. I was not to be disappointed. Maria said, with a nasty sneer, "Now I am going to give 
you both an enema to clean you out, and after that one with drugs in it, to make you horny and 
lubricate you before we start to use you." I watched as Don was held down by four men, bent over 
a kind of upholstered trestle, his buttocks spread apart. Maria got a handful of gel from a bucket 
and plastered it on Don's naked arsehole. Then she took a length of rubber tubing with a penis-
shape on one end and a bag like hospitals use for drips on the other, and started to insert it in 
Don's anus. 

He moaned and struggled but it was futile. Soon the penis end was fully swallowed up in his body 
and his cock started to stiffen. I felt my own cock twitch. The thought crossed my mind that their 
methods were already working on me. Maria opened a tap under the bag and I saw Don's belly 
start to swell. His eyes widened and he began to moan. Maria, untroubled by this, continued to let 
the fluid pour into Don's bowels until his belly was distended like a pregnant woman. "Now, hold 
that in or it will be the worse for you," she snapped.

Then four other men took hold of me and I was pulled into the same position. I knew of course 
what was coming. My penis, worryingly, started to stiffen in anticipation. I blotted out the thought 
that I was already anally conditioned. I felt my buttocks pulled apart and a cold blob of lubricant 
spread in my crack, and next the rounded end of the tube pressing on my sore anus and then 
easing inside. I gasped, not sure whether to be outraged by or welcome the invasion of my body. 
Then I felt a warm flow into my intestines and my belly started to swell. Maria repeated her 
warning not to let go.

She left us there for about 15 minutes. I could feel the liquid trickling past the dildo in my bottom 
and running down my legs and it was all I could do to hold it in. At last, Maria told us to sit on the 
toilets, which had no seats, and pulled the tubes out of us. A huge flow of liquid mixed with shit 
poured into the bowl together with wet farting sounds and a terrible smell. Maria sighed. "What 
dirty bitches you are! I can see I will have to wash you both out again at least once more." With 
that, we were both pulled back to the previous position and the procedure repeated, and 
repeated. At last the fluid gushed out clean. Maria announced "Now it is time for your first girl 
treatment." She took another tube with a smaller bag of gel on the end of it and proceeded to fill 
Don and me with it. This slid in nicely with no discomfort and I was soon aware of a warm glow 
coming from my guts. My penis became painfully stiff and my nipples very hard and sensitive. I 
wanted to wriggle my bottom and thrust my nipples out in front of me. Don too was looking in an 
aroused state. Maria noticed this and smiled. "I think these will be easy to convert," she said. "They 
are already moving and feeling like women and soon will permanently be converted into bitches 
on heat."

